README.md, before:

# Negentropy

Multi tenant enterprise grade IAM implementation based on a geo-distributed layered Vault installation. Currently under
active development of initial version.

# Build components for e2e tests

needs:

1) linux or macos system (only intel processors, for apple silicone using needs some changes in scripts)
2) docker

```shell
./build.sh
```

possible options for build:

```shell
./build.sh plugins # build separate plugins
```

```shell
./build.sh authd  # builds authd component
```

```shell
./build.sh cli # builds cli utility
```

```shell
./build.sh server-accessd # builds server-accessd component
```

```shell
./build.sh nss # builds nss component
```

```shell
./build.sh oidc-mock # builds oidc-mock for e2e tests purposes only 
```

```shell
./build.sh vault          # builds complete vault with plugins onboard
./build.sh vault --force  # builds complete vault with plugins onboard (use after first build)  
```

# Run environment for e2e tests

There are three possible modes of test and stage environment:

1) One vault in dev mode, negentropy plugins are aside (SINGLE mode)
2) Vaults with negentropy plugins onbоard (E2E mode, for E2E Tests in CI)
3) Vaults with negentropy plugins onbоard, run under delve debugger (DEBUG mode)

## SINGLE mode:

```shell
./start.sh single
```

runs one vault at docker container, uses separate plugin binaries, placed at vault-plugins/build

## E2E mode:

```shell
./start.sh e2e
```

runs several vaults at docker-containers, uses complete vault binary with negentropy plugins onboard, placed at
infra/common/vault/vault/bin

## DEBUG mode

```shell
./start.sh debug
```

runs several vaults at docker-containers, each docker run under delve debugger server uses complete vault binary with
negentropy plugins onboard, placed at infra/common/vault/vault/bin, need connection delve-client debuggers to localhost:
2345 and localhost:2346 (see docker/docker-compose.debug.yml)

## General components in other docker containers

1) Zookepper, Kafka used to save data and communicate plugins.
2) Kafdrop used to study Kafka
3) test-server used as a sample of server under negentropy access control
4) test-client used as a sample of user PC, accessing servers under negentropy access control
5) oidc-mock provide mock of oidc-provider for tests

## start.sh matter

1) run all components containers
2) configure negentropy plugins
3) export data for running tests and unsealing vaults

# E2E tests:

```shell
./run-e2e-tests.sh
```

Commit message:

405 remove panics (#411)
* some cases panics are removed

* Update plugins.yaml

add "check panics" into actions

* panic in kafka

* Update plugins.yaml

fix "check_panics" step

* fix e2e

* review checklist

Co-authored-by: vmrm <vasily.marmer@flant.com>

README.md, after:

# Negentropy

Multi tenant enterprise grade IAM implementation based on a geo-distributed layered Vault installation. Currently under
active development of initial version.

# Build components for e2e tests

needs:

1) linux or macos system (only intel processors, for apple silicone using needs some changes in scripts)
2) docker

```shell
./build.sh
```

possible options for build:

```shell
./build.sh plugins # build separate plugins
```

```shell
./build.sh authd  # builds authd component
```

```shell
./build.sh cli # builds cli utility
```

```shell
./build.sh server-accessd # builds server-accessd component
```

```shell
./build.sh nss # builds nss component
```

```shell
./build.sh oidc-mock # builds oidc-mock for e2e tests purposes only 
```

```shell
./build.sh vault          # builds complete vault with plugins onboard
./build.sh vault --force  # builds complete vault with plugins onboard (use after first build)  
```

# Run environment for e2e tests

There are three possible modes of test and stage environment:

1) One vault in dev mode, negentropy plugins are aside (SINGLE mode)
2) Vaults with negentropy plugins onbоard (E2E mode, for E2E Tests in CI)
3) Vaults with negentropy plugins onbоard, run under delve debugger (DEBUG mode)

## SINGLE mode:

```shell
./start.sh single
```

runs one vault at docker container, uses separate plugin binaries, placed at vault-plugins/build

## E2E mode:

```shell
./start.sh e2e
```

runs several vaults at docker-containers, uses complete vault binary with negentropy plugins onboard, placed at
infra/common/vault/vault/bin

## DEBUG mode

```shell
./start.sh debug
```

runs several vaults at docker-containers, each docker run under delve debugger server uses complete vault binary with
negentropy plugins onboard, placed at infra/common/vault/vault/bin, need connection delve-client debuggers to localhost:
2345 and localhost:2346 (see docker/docker-compose.debug.yml)

## General components in other docker containers

1) Zookepper, Kafka used to save data and communicate plugins.
2) Kafdrop used to study Kafka
3) test-server used as a sample of server under negentropy access control
4) test-client used as a sample of user PC, accessing servers under negentropy access control
5) oidc-mock provide mock of oidc-provider for tests

## start.sh matter

1) run all components containers
2) configure negentropy plugins
3) export data for running tests and unsealing vaults

# E2E tests:

```shell
./run-e2e-tests.sh 
```

# Review checklist

1) No panic which can run at vault-plugins except:
    - panic run (or not)  depends on code compositions only
    - panic run (or not) in tests runs
    - panic at flant-gitops plugin  
      Check there is no panic with comment '// nolint:check_panic' at others places
