authd/README.md, before:

# authd

authd is a proxy to use the pool of Vault servers. It's main goal is to use JWT to open Vault sessions for other
clients.

## build

- git clone git@github.com:flant/negentropy.git
- cd negentropy/authd
- GO111MODULE=on go build -o /opt/authd/bin/authd cmd/authd/main.go

## deploy & config

- binary should be delivered to every client PC & server
- binary should be run as a service

```
example of authd.service:
-------------------------
[Unit]
Description=Daemon to authenticate in Negentropy
After=network.target

[Service]
PrivateTmp=true
Type=exec
PIDFile=/var/run/authd/%i.pid
ExecStart=/opt/authd/bin/authd

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

- binary needs configs in /etc/flant/negentropy/authd-conf.d directory examples of yaml configs are in authd/dev/conf  
  main.yaml provide connection to vault  
  sock1.yaml etc - are configs for connections to authd
- binary need valid jwt token at the path specified in main.yaml[jwtPath]  
  the way to get example of jwt is available through scripts in authd/dev
- restart authd after change config or jwt

## Development

`dev` directory contains a simple setup to test authd:

- script to startup vault dev server: it creates an entity and entity_alias, open session and issues a JWT. Then config
  auth/jwt and ssh plugins for client_test.go.
- script to refresh JWT
- script to emulate redirects within pool: run nginx that redirects authd requests to a dev server
- configuration with one socket

## TODO

1. OpenAPI validation for config. Validator is done, it needs to be added to authd daemon.
2. Session token refresher for client library.
3. ~~URL and arguments in configuration for Vault requests (auth/myjwt/login is hardcoded).~~
4. ~~Rename policy to role~~, do role checks in LoginHandler.
5. In-memory Vault instance for testing.
6. ~~Apply socket file permissions.~~
7. Support for penging login.


## Links

https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/identity


https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens#client_id
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/entity#read-entity-by-id
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/lease
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/entity-alias
https://www.vaultproject.io/api/system/auth#list-auth-methods
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/token#create-token
https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/token
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/token
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/jwt

Commit message:

Authd issue multipass (#283)
* fix err: nil response in op

* test for issuing multipass of other user and for deleted user

* fix vulnerability issuing multipass of other user

* authd integration tests runs with negentropy instance, fix authd refresh multipass

* fix

* fix

* retry for nil response

authd/README.md, after:

# authd

authd is a proxy to use the pool of Vault servers. It's main goal is to use JWT to open Vault sessions for other
clients.

## build

- git clone git@github.com:flant/negentropy.git
- cd negentropy/authd
- GO111MODULE=on go build -o /opt/authd/bin/authd cmd/authd/main.go

## deploy & config

- binary should be delivered to every client PC & server
- binary should be run as a service

```
example of authd.service:
-------------------------
[Unit]
Description=Daemon to authenticate in Negentropy
After=network.target

[Service]
PrivateTmp=true
Type=exec
PIDFile=/var/run/authd/%i.pid
ExecStart=/opt/authd/bin/authd

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

- binary needs configs in /etc/flant/negentropy/authd-conf.d directory examples of yaml configs are in authd/dev/conf  
  main.yaml provide connection to vault  
  sock1.yaml etc - are configs for connections to authd
- binary need valid jwt token at the path specified in main.yaml[jwtPath]  
  the way to get example of jwt is available through scripts in authd/dev
- restart authd after change config or jwt

## Development

for tests and debug run negentropy instance using ./start.sh, it refreshs authd/dev/secret/authd.jwt, used to run dev
instanse of authd   
`dev` directory contains a simple setup to test authd:

- configuration with one socket

run cmd:

```bigquery
from authd folder:
    go run cmd/authd/main.go --conf-dir=dev/conf
```

## TODO

1. OpenAPI validation for config. Validator is done, it needs to be added to authd daemon.
2. Session token refresher for client library.
3. ~~URL and arguments in configuration for Vault requests (auth/myjwt/login is hardcoded).~~
4. ~~Rename policy to role~~, do role checks in LoginHandler.
5. ~~Use for tests configured and runned by start.sh negentropy instanse.~~
6. ~~Redesign rotate multipass~~~
7. ~~Apply socket file permissions.~~
8. Support for penging login.


## Links

https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/identity

https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/tokens#client_id  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/entity#read-entity-by-id  
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/lease  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/identity/entity-alias  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api/system/auth#list-auth-methods  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/token#create-token  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/token  
https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/token  
https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/jwt
